server-side-website with additional S3 Origin behaviour (#325)
getlift/lift: docs/server-side-website.md

All headers are forwarded to your Lambda backend. If you used the `forwardedHeaders` option in the past, you can safely remove it.

> ## Routing paths to other S3 Origins

Reviewer: This should be a `###`. Also a suggestion to make the title less low-level:

```suggestion
### Routing paths to other S3 buckets
```

> If you need to route any paths to alternative S3 Origins, you can declare the S3 origin as a source, like you would with a local directly, just prefixing the S3 bucket name with `s3://`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can route any paths to alternative S3 buckets like you would with a local directory. To do that, prefix the S3 bucket name with `s3://`.
```

Can we also add a sentence on how the S3 bucket should be configured? I'm guessing it needs to be either public, or have a origin policy set up?

```yaml
constructs:
    website:
        # ...
        assets:
            '/assets/*': dist/

>             '/uploads/*: s://another-bucket-name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            '/uploads/*: s3://another-bucket-name
```

All headers are forwarded to your Lambda backend. If you used the `forwardedHeaders` option in the past, you can safely remove it.

### Routing paths to other S3 buckets

You can route any paths to alternative S3 buckets like you would with a local directory. To do that, prefix the S3 bucket name with `s3://`.

```yaml
constructs:
    website:
        # ...
        assets:
            '/assets/*': dist/

>             '/uploads/*: s3://another-bucket-name

Reviewer: Just noticed a missing quote thanks to the syntax highlighting:

```suggestion
            '/uploads/*': s3://another-bucket-name
```
